Anti-White, Anti-Trump: Welcome To Facebook [Big Tech, Free Speech, Gab]

Project Veritas has a new undercover video out this morning that exposes the anti-white, anti-Trump, and anti-conservative bias on Facebook’s moderation teams. This isn’t just one person caught on camera. It’s entire teams of people who are responsible for deciding what is allowed on Facebook and how their “rules” are enforced.
 No one seems to be talking about this, perhaps because we have all known this has been the case for many years now. Regardless, these videos need to be shared everywhere. It’s powerful when you see these people call Trump supporters “terrorists” and demonstrate blatant anti-white hatred and bias.
 At one point it’s revealed that moderators were told by a superior to allow “hate speech” specifically against straight white men in order to promote the LGBTQ community.
 O’Keefe: Hate speech is allowed if it’s ‘intended to raise awareness for pride LGBTQ,’ so hate speech is allowed in some cases, but apparently not others?
 Hartwig: Yeah .
 None of this should come as any surprise. I saw many of these types of people first hand when I was living and working in Silicon Valley back in 2016, which is why I started Gab as an alternative to defend free speech.
 If you are a conservative. If you are straight. If you are white. If you are a Christian: you should not be on Facebook, Twitter, or any other Big Tech product.
 Please understand: you are the enemy to these people. They hate you.
 They literally believe that you are a terrorist for wearing a MAGA hat. This isn’t hyperbole.
 It’s caught on camera.
 I spoke about some of these issues in my interview with VDARE yesterday, I encourage you to watch it here: https://youtu.be/ZwkVHqy38b8?t=114
 Speaking of VDARE, they are set to go off the internet today because their domain registrar is going to be holding their domain hostage. By the time you click this link to read more about it, their website may be down and inaccessible. You can find them on Gab here.
 Andrew Torba CEO, Gab.com June 25th, 2020
 We need your help.
 Gab is 100% funded by our users, not special interests.
 Last week we were blacklisted by Visa and lost credit card processing.
 You can still support us via eCheck, bitcoin, and physical check by mail.
 Please upgrade to GabPRO to unlock additional features on Gab and support us.
 Click Here To Make A Donation