Big Tech Has An Extremist Problem And No One Seems To Care [Big Tech]

In November of 2018 Gab faced what would become a months-long smear campaign and one of the most coordinated no-platforming efforts in internet history. This followed after a mass shooter, who will not be named, allegedly took the lives of eleven innocent people and also happened to have an account on Gab as well as other social networks.
 Due to the ongoing investigation I can’t comment further on that topic, but what I can comment on is the sheer hypocrisy of the despicable media elites who tried to destroy my business and my life in wake of this horrific tragedy.
 These people harassed family members and former classmates that I hadn’t spoken to in years. Neighbors. Professors. Anyone who would talk to them. All in hopes of finding some sort of “dirt” to ruin my life with. They printed wedding photos of my wife and went after her side of the family. I was doxxed. I faced dozens of death threats. Someone even turned the gas grill on at my parent’s home while they were away and let the gas leak out into the neighborhood.
 These demons dug into every corner of my existence and all they found was a Christian patriot who has consistently stood up for what he believes in for his entire life.
 My face was plastered all over the internet next to the face of a mass murderer. To this day if you Google my name you’ll find the same side by side photos, as if I was the one who pulled the trigger. I had gone through hell and back. Forged by the fire like steel. Stronger. More anti-fragile. Closer to God than ever before in my life.
 I had survived the terrorism of the media.
 Instead of driving me to quit, which is what their campaign of terror was designed to do, their extremism inspired me to build.
 The best revenge against these monsters and their hypocrisy is stunning success. Success that puts them out of a job due to irrelevance. Success that makes it impossible for them to ever again do what they did to my family and I.
 We are well on our way to that level of success, and they know it.
 For example, while VICE has laid off hundreds of employees this year and struggles to remain relevant, they can’t help but to admit that Gab’s growth is astonishing .
 What you won’t see them, or anyone else doing, is writing about Big Tech’s extremist and illegal content problem. They aren’t calling for a Big Tech no-platforming citing the precedent set by Gab’s no-platforming in the fall and winter of 2018.
 There wasn’t weeks and weeks of think piece after think piece about whether or not Facebook deserves to stay on the internet. In fact, you’d think this horrific and illegal garbage never happened.
 If only Gab was allotted such a pass from the press.
 Let’s examine just some of the many instances of violence and illegal activity that has occurred on Big Tech platforms. Many of them you probably never even heard about because they never made it past a ten second news cycle.
 Big Tech has an extremist problem. Big Tech has a massive illegal content problem. #Update : The Ohio man who posted on Instagram isn’t the only would-be shooter stopped this weekend.
 A 22-year old in Connecticut was also arrested after posting about planning a possible shooting on Facebook. — scott budman (@scottbudman)
 August 19, 2019
 Did you know about even half of these events that occurred on Big Tech platforms? Likely not and there are so many more.
 Where are the calls for Facebook to be kicked off both App Stores?
 Where are the advertiser boycotts?
 Big Tech gets a pass from the media. There was very little, if any, coverage of these events. Their hypocrisy knows no bounds.
 Big Tech has an extremist problem, and no one seems to care.
 Hi there!
 Gab is fully supported by people like you.
 If you want to help us on our mission to defend free expression online for all people and decentralize control of the internet away from Silicon Valley here is how you can help.
 Buy a VPN from one of our partners to secure your privacy and we may earn commission – Trust.Zone for Windows/Android – CyberGhostVPN for all operating systems Merchandise and donations – Grab a hat, shirt, or send us a donation so our developers can eat.
 Send bitcoin: 3DjemruRRvunHTHxNJbwoRCzCFWagw6vo2