Christian Actress Fired After Citing Bible Verse On Social Media [2019-10-04T11:00:39-04:00]

Discrimination is never okay according to popular culture and the online social justice mob, that is unless that discrimination is against a Christian. Seyi Omooba, a Christian actress, was fired after a 2014 social media post surfaced with her questioning homosexuality and citing a Bible verse. A leading actress in the U.K. was told to choose between her career or her faith after a social media post from 2014 in which she questioned homosexuality surfaced earlier this year. She was fired from her role in a theater production, was reportedly harassed – including being called the N-word – and has not been able to find work since. Now she’s suing for breach of contract and for anti- Christian discrimination. The day after Seyi Omooba, a 25-year-old British-born actress, landed the lead role of Celie in a London production of “The Color Purple,” a colleague whom she didn’t know tweeted a screenshot of an old Facebook post, in which she commented on the government introducing same-sex marriage legislation. It read: “Some Christians have completely misconceived the issue of homosexuality, they have begun to twist the word of God…I do not believe you can be born gay, and I do not believe homosexuality is right,” she said citing the Bible verse 1 Corinthians 6:9-11. Omooba is the daughter of Pastor Ade Omooba, an eminent international Christian campaigner and co-founder of Christian Concern. Omooba, who grew up singing gospel in church and studying performing arts at Anglia Ruskin University, went on to say, “God loves everyone, just because he doesn’t agree with your decisions doesn’t mean he doesn’t love you. Christians we need to step up and love but also tell the truth of God’s word.” The ensuing firestorm was set off by fellow actor Aaron Lee Lambert on March 15, when he tweeted the screenshot along with several questions: “Do you still stand by this post? Or are you happy to remain a hypocrite? Seeing as you’ve now been announced to be playing an LGBTQ character, I think you owe your LGBTQ peers an explanation. Immediately.” Source