Gab Has Been Blacklisted By Visa [2020-06-19T16:22:41-04:00]

Gab has been blacklisted by Visa for “promoting hate speech.” Gab does no such thing. This is like saying Google “promotes hate speech” because you can search racial slurs on their search engine and get results. Gab is a neutral technology platform. We follow the law, have an excellent relationship with law enforcement, and have a clear set of community guidelines that detail what is allowed on our website and what is not. The bottom line is that Gab is not controlled and cannot be controlled by the oligarchic elite who are working to overthrow our counties and infect them with communism. It’s no coincidence that Katie Hopkins was banned from Twitter today, Zerohedge and The Federalist had their comment sections censored by Google, and VDARE is getting banned by their domain registrar. All of this is coordinated. It’s targeted. Where is the President? Where is Congress? Tweeting and “monitoring the situation.” That’s where. No one is coming to save us and no one is coming to save you. It’s on all of us to save ourselves. So we have lost credit card processing yet again after a year and a half of working to get it restored. We have been under attack at the payment processing level all month long. In early June we were abruptly banned by two separate underwriting banks without cause. “Risk related reasons” is the excuse. These banks have no problem processing payments for pornography websites which are loaded with child exploitation, human trafficking, and more. They have no problem processing payments for cannabis, which is still illegal at the federal level. They have no problems processing payments for gambling websites. Gab sells t-shirts, hats, and a software subscription service. I guess that’s “high risk” to these people. We still accept payments via echeck, check by mail, and bitcoin. If you’d like to support us through any of those options you can do so by upgrading to GabPRO here . You can also send a check or money order donation/payment for GabPRO: Gab AI Inc PO Box 441 Clarks Summit, PA 18411 We will not go gently into the good night. We will rage, rage, against the dying of the light. Ephesians 6:12 12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places.