The Digital Civil War is Here, Which Side Are You On? [2020-10-15T19:36:44-04:00]

Today was the biggest day in Gab ’s history. For over four years we have been warning about Big Tech’s unchecked control and abuse of power over the flow of information, news, and communication online. We have been building a digital Noah’s Ark for this very moment. A place where free speech is preserved and the free flow of information is protected for all people. Gab’s traffic, new user growth, and site activity all reached record levels this week. Today started with Youtube banning dozens of top Conservative channels. Then Twitter continued banning people who posted the Hunter Biden story. Then the Senate Judiciary Committee Announced That They Will Subpoena Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey over NY Post Censorship . Then Wikipedia Editors Censored the Hunter Biden Bombshell, and called the New York Post an ‘Unreliable’ Source . Then Twitter Locked the Trump Campaign Account Less Than 3 Weeks Before Presidential Election . Then Jim Jordan Posted the Hunter Biden-Burisma Story on a federal government website after Twitter Censors House Judiciary GOP , at which point the link was promptly censored by Twitter. Then Twitter itself shut down completely. All the while, Gab’s growth exploded. Gab is the only place left on the internet that does not censor on behalf of the Google and Apple app stores to keep our app on their platforms. We do not answer to Apple. We do not answer to Google. We do not answer to Twitter. We do not answer to activist groups, big corporate sponsors, or the mainstream media. We answer to you, The People. On Gab you are not the product being sold. You are a valued member of our community and if you receive value from Gab and want to support our mission we hope that you’ll consider becoming one of our customers . Our highest honor is earning your business and support by providing a great service where information flows freely and people aren’t afraid to speak their minds. Please keep our team and our community in your prayers. Make no mistake about it, the digital civil war has only just begun. It’s the oligarchs of Silicon Valley, the little tyrants who bend over backwards for their Communist Chinese Party masters, against We The People. This is a spiritual war. There is a very clear dichotomy between good and pure evil. The line in the sand has been drawn. What we need to remember is that we have God and Truth on our side. United in faith, we can and will accomplish anything together. The question is: which side are you on? Andrew Torba CEO, Gab.com October 15th, 2020 Jesus is King Click Here To Get On Gab