What Gab Accomplished In 2020 [2020-12-29T11:40:34-05:00]

At the beginning of 2020 our team had two themes set for the year: refinement and resiliency. Our first goal was to refine our existing product offering to make it more user friendly, familiar, and fast. Our second goal was to strip away dependency on third-party providers to become even more resilient for the ongoing worldwide information war. I am humbled to announce that we accomplished both of these goals and that’s largely thanks to people like you who make the work that we do possible. Here is just a brief snapshot of some of the incredible things we accomplished this year with your help! We built and shipped our own servers , which are owned and controlled by Gab and not some big tech cloud server provider. We can’t be banned from servers that we own. We reached our 4th birthday! Most tech startups fail in the first two years. Gab is going on year 5. We saw record growth after the election. We overhauled the design of Gab Social and launched our biggest product update of the year last week. We launched GabTV , our YouTube alternative. Help Gab Crowdfund Our Server Expansion Our infrastructure team has informed me that just one week into GabTV’s launch combined with the explosive growth of Gab Social over the past 6 weeks has our existing hard drive capacity at 40% utilization. Obviously we still have some room to grow, but at the speed we are growing we need to purchase additional storage well in advance to get it installed and configured for production. As many of you know Gab runs all of our own server hardware. We don’t have the luxury of using cloud services like Amazon AWS because we have been banned from them all and frankly we don’t want to store your data on Big Tech owned hardware. So when we need to expand we can’t just click a button to do so, we need to buy hardware and take the time to set it up. We need your help to do this. Gab is 100% funded by people like you and has been for four years now. We are looking to raise $ 15,000 to build: -another GPU encode server for GabTV -$12k of SSD hard drives to expand our storage for both GabTV and Gab Social If you’d like to donate specifically to help us cover these costs please make a donation on the Gab Shop here: https://shop.dissenter.com/category/donations Thank you for your help and thank you for an incredible 2020! Andrew Torba CEO, Gab.com Jesus is King December 29th, 2020 Share on Gab