An Open Letter From Gab.com to The Great People of Scranton, PA

To my friends, family, and neighbors in Scranton, PA and the NEPA area, My name is Andrew Torba and I’m the Founder and CEO of Gab.com. I was born and raised in NEPA. I attended Old Forge elementary in grade school and later moved to Moosic to attend Riverside High School. As many of you will know, Riverside and Old Forge have the biggest rivalry in high school football spanning back decades so with that said: GO VIKES!
 I know many of you voted for Joe Biden, including members of my own family, and that’s okay. In my humble opinion Joe Biden is someone who left our area at a very young age and only ever seems to come back when it’s time to fundraise.
 I voted for Donald J. Trump, twice. I’m not going to apologize for that just as I wouldn’t expect you to do so for voting Biden. We are all a lot more a like than those in power would have use believe. We share the same struggles and have the same goals of providing for and protecting our families.
 We also share common enemies: the oligarchic elites in Central Banking, Wall St, Big Tech, Big Pharma, Big Education, the Legacy Media, and more. These people in power seek to pit us against one another as they get richer and the rest of us struggle to feed our families. They use the Legacy Media, Hollywood, and Big Tech to accomplish this.
 My vision is for us to unite together to take our country back from these wicked people in power. To do so we will need to escape from their digital mind prisons that track, censor, and monetize our data. We will need to step outside the illusory two party system and realize that the Uniparty is not serving the best interests of The People.
 Those of you who know me know that I come from humble roots. I’m not some silver spoon coastal elite entrepreneur. I’m a scrappy Scranton guy just like many of you. I have a young and growing family. I worked very hard over the period of almost five years to build up Gab and make it the massive success it is today.
 For those of you who don’t know much about me, I encourage you to read this blog post . I was born and raised here, I graduated from the University of Scranton, and I’m working to put Scranton on the map as the home of free speech for people all around the world.
 The Legacy Media, Big Tech elites, and other puppets of the oligarchs have smeared my family and I, as well as our business, for many years now. They know that they cannot control the narrative or the flow of information on Gab and that Gab competes with their business in a big way.
 They got us banned from both App Stores, dozens of payment processors, email services, hosting services, and much more. They even blacklisted my family from VISA.
 All for defending your right to speak freely on the internet.
 I want to clear up some misconceptions about Gab that you may have read in the totally dishonest and failing Scranton Times-Tribune.
 Gab is the home of free speech online.
 Gab seeks to export the uniquely American value of free speech to the entire world. Regardless of whether Gab’s administrators, outside activist pressure groups, “cancel culture” Internet mobs, the mainstream media, foreign governments, or any other persons agree with any Gabber’s viewpoints: political speech that is protected by the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution will be allowed on the platform.
 Illegal activity, threats of violence, doxxing, pornography, child exploitation, and spam are not allowed on Gab.
 Free speech does not mean threats of violence or illegal activity. Gab has zero tolerance for illegal activity of any kind on our platform. We have a great relationship with International, Federal, State, and Local law enforcement to ensure public safety.
 You might see things you disagree with on Gab. You might see things that offend you. We have the tools for you to block, mute, and not see those things if you so choose. On Gab you create your own experience. We do not babysit for you. Our job is to ensure the service works and that no illegal activity is tolerated on the platform. That’s it.
 In the past 30 days the Gab community has grown by millions of people from around the world. We’ve seen over 24 million visitors and 177 million page views over the past few weeks alone. Our business is growing and quickly.
 We believe that there should be a place on the internet for people to speak freely without permission from Mark Zuckerberg or any of the other Big Tech oligarchs who needlessly censor, track, and monetize us all. Gab is that place.
 Please look past our perceived political differences. Please understand why the Legacy Media, including the totally dishonest Scranton Times-Tribune, is trying to get you to hate us.
 I’m asking for your help and support. I want to create a lot of jobs and drive a lot of tourism to our area. I can’t do that without the blessing of The People of Scranton and NEPA. Let’s start a new “office” in our area. One that upholds the fundamental human right to speak freely.
 Please keep my family and our growing team of people at Gab in your prayers.
 Thank you and God Bless You, Andrew Torba CEO, Gab.com January 19th, 2021
 Jesus is King