Google, Apple, And Mozilla Block Kazakh Surveillance System, But Continue To Use Their Own On You

As you may or may not have heard, Gab is crushing it. Even VICE of all outlets admitted this earlier this week . Over the past six months we’ve been working diligently to make Gab more unstoppable, more decentralized, and most of all: more “user-friendly.”
 On July 4th we launched the all new Gab Social. Gab is now open source , decentralized, and more beautiful than ever before. Gab is now built on top of the ActivityPub protocol, meaning you can sign into your Gab account using almost any ActivityPub-supported mobile app. We’ve listed our favorites for iOS and Android on our new Gab App Store . Simply download any of those apps, enter in “Gab.com” for the server/instance, and login to your Gab account like normal. This is how we’ve bypassed Gab’s own developer accounts and apps being banned from both App Stores.
 We’ve listed our favorites for iOS and Android on our new Gab App Store . Simply download any of those apps, enter in “Gab.com” for the server/instance, and login to your Gab account like normal. This is how we’ve bypassed Gab’s own developer accounts and apps being banned from both App Stores.
 Although we highly recommend that you use the mobile web version of Gab for the best experience that isn’t dictated by Apple or Google.
 The Gab App Store We’ve also launched a ton of new features and improvements to the product, including the ability to embed Gab posts on your website/blog. Like this:
 Embedded Posts Custom Emoji Custom emojis that you’ll only find on Gab.
 Gab Groups The “All” Feed- a firehose of posts from across the site Gab News- (You’re here now!)
 The Dissenter Web Browser For Mac, Windows, Linux Block big tech ads and trackers while being able to comment on any URL across the internet.
 If you haven’t been on Gab for a bit or maybe never created an account, now is the time to check us out. We’ve accomplished all of this in more in just the past six weeks alone. Imagine what we can accomplish together with your help.
 Get on Gab Hi there!
 Gab is fully supported by people like you.
 If you want to help us on our mission to defend free expression online for all people and decentralize control of the internet away from Silicon Valley here is how you can help.
 Buy a VPN from one of our partners to secure your privacy and we may earn commission – Trust.Zone for Windows/Android – CyberGhostVPN for all operating systems Send bitcoin: 3DjemruRRvunHTHxNJbwoRCzCFWagw6vo2
 Free yourself from Big Tech and reclaim your privacy -Create a free Gab.com , the free speech social network with over 1 million users and growing. – Install our free web browser , Dissenter, to block Big Tech trackers and ads and comment on any URL on the internet (including on this post!)