Introducing GabTV: The New Media is You Media

Today Gab is excited to announce the launch of GabTV, a free speech video sharing platform . GabTV offers The People an alternative to tyrannical Big Tech platforms and legacy media outlets that have been working to silence any and all dissent from the “approved” narratives of the establishment oligarchs. GabTV offers a familiar viewing experience that people know and love combined with the highest video quality, processing speed, and performance on the market. Our goal is to provide a platform for content of the highest quality from the best independent creators on the internet. Our business model is to sell our valuable video hosting and distribution service to creators rather than track, censor, and data-mine users like our competitors. GabPRO creators can upload videos to GabTV and distribute them to their fans directly on Gab or on their own website. Anyone with a Gab account can sign in to vote, comment on, and share videos. Anyone with or without a Gab account can view, share, and embed public videos that are hosted on GabTV. Viewers can enjoy GabTV content on phones, tablets, computers, and television sets with support for up to 1080p HD. Advanced player features and controls are included such as picture-in-picture for multitasking and audio-only to save data for use on metered plans. Anyone can embed GabTV videos to provide world-class videos on their own website. GabTV does the video heavy lifting for you and connects your audience directly to your entire presence across the Gab Platform. Puppets of the establishment oligarchs across legacy media outlets and Big Tech platforms spew hoax after hoax to The People while censoring dissidents and free thinkers, but that ends today. GabTV is the place where truth will surface in the ongoing global information war. It will empower a new generation of authentic and objective citizen journalism, reporting, research, and information dissemination. YouTube recently announced that they will be removing any content related to the vast and widespread voter fraud that occurred in the 2020 election. They also announced that their top recommended election videos across the platform were from the legacy mockingbird media . This is not only unacceptable, it’s un-American. It should come as no surprise to anyone that Google and their 10,000+ foreign workers clearly do not share American values. Shockingly it was also revealed that YouTube allegedly employs software engineers with ties to the Chinese Communist Party . Gab is building alternatives to the dying legacy media complex. As viewers flee from toxic legacy media networks and Big Tech platforms, solutions powered by individuals from around the world will rise up in their place on GabTV and a new media revolution will begin. The new media is you media. To get started visit https://tv.gab.com and login with your Gab account.