Introducing Gab’s New CTO

Today Gab is happy to introduce our new CTO, Fosco Marotto . Prior to joining Gab, Fosco spent more than seven years at Facebook as a Software Engineer, Production Engineer, and Developer Advocate. Notably, he created Parse Server, the popular open-source version of the Parse service. With 23 years of industry experience, he brings extensive backend infrastructure knowledge and insights from across the stack that will help Gab scale into the new media giant it is quickly becoming. Fosco was also the developer behind Gab’s free speech web browser, Dissenter , which has been installed across millions of devices and is a leading privacy-friendly alternative to Google Chrome and other invasive web browsers. “I’ve always defended free expression on the internet, and I can’t think of a better place to continue that work. Gab has been mistreated and deplatformed by others in the industry, but continues to stand up and move forward, and I really respect that. Now more than ever, we need the ability to express ourselves and speak freely. I’m very excited for the opportunity to help lead Gab to the next level and contribute to the future of free speech software,” said Fosco. “Fosco has been my good and trusted friend for nearly a decade. I can say in good confidence that Fosco wholeheartedly supports Gab’s mission of defending free speech online for all people. I have full faith and trust in his ability to lead Gab Social’s engineering efforts as we continue to grow at an unprecedented pace. As millions of people make the move to Gab.com they are sending a clear message to Silicon Valley: free speech software is the future, Gab is here to stay, and Gab will continue to be the home of free speech online” said Andrew Torba, CEO of Gab. Gab’s former CTO Robert Colbert will be transitioning to a VP of Engineering role where he will oversee the launch of Gab’s forthcoming YouTube alternative Gab TV and Gab’s platform infrastructure HYDRA. “Gab Social has grown to the point of needing a dedicated team to lead its expansion as part of Gab’s growing suite of free speech software products. As VP of Engineering my focus will be on the continued development and advancement of Gab’s HYDRA infrastructure. This allows me the opportunity I want to focus on advancing Gab in areas outside of Gab Social such as Gab TV and other HYDRA-based products in our pipeline. With Fosco joining the team I know Gab Social and the platform as a whole will be in good hands receiving the attention it deserves.” said Robert Colbert, Gab’s VP of Engineering. “I am humbly grateful for Rob’s time as CTO of Gab and I am excited by the incredible products we will be releasing under his leadership in the coming months. Rob stepped up two years ago when no one else had the courage to do so. He made it okay to work at Gab and for that I will forever be thankful. I know the Gab community will be too. Rob is one of the most creative and talented people I know and I am glad to call him my friend” said Andrew Torba. What is Gab? Gab is a free speech software company. Gab.com is our free speech social network. Dissenter.com is our free speech web browser. Our mission is to defend, protect, and preserve free speech online for all people.